2025-12-XX - 2.2 (The "Golden Dragon" release.)

Bugfixes

- Fixed a text buffer iterator issue that could very occasionally
  cause an unintended insertion of a padding space.

Other changes

- Added support for the original side panels that were featured
  exclusively in the ZX Spectrum version of Erik the Viking.

2025-03-XX - 2.1 (The "Diamonds for eyes" release.)

Bugfixes

- Fixed a crash when trying to open a new game file while waiting for
  timeout or keypress to skip picture.

- An issue with system locales using commas for decimals would prevent
  loading floating-point numbers from the configuration file, so all
  values were being rounded to the nearest integer. They're now parsed
  correctly regardless of whether decimal points or commas are being
  used.

- Set a minimum fifty-pixel gap between the movable viewport divider and
  the window edge to prevent viewports from unexpectedly having zero
  width or height due to wonky window resizing mechanics.

- Fixed Lancelot hanging up on moving back from part two to part one
  when using files with .l9 and .l2 extensions.

Other changes

- Improved font rendering quality with antialiasing, light hinting
  and subpixel rendering.

- Text margins and line spacing have been adjusted for readability,
  and both are now configurable.

- There's now an option to dynamically scale graphics to fit the
  viewport size, and this will be the default for new configurations.

- The graphics pane can now be positioned to the left and right sides,
  above and below the text box, or disabled altogether for a text-only
  mode. This replaces the horizontal split option.

- Reworked the preferences dialog, so it now features live preview,
  "reset to default" buttons where appropriate, and keyboard mnemonics
  for all options to enhance accessibility.

- My hand slipped one too many times, so there's now a confirmation
  dialog when quitting.

- The configuration file has migrated from user's home directory and now
  lives in the standard XDG .config directory. If the old file is found,
  it will move over to its new place automatically.

- Conflated "Scale image to constant height" and "Scale factor" options
  into a single entry, as they were both doing basically the same thing
  using different calculations.

2025-02-XX - 2.0 (The "Two birds" release.)

GTK 3 port.

Bugfixes

- Game data files using uppercase extensions (e.g. the DOS versions)
  are now properly detected for loading.

Other changes

- Added a toggle in the options for horizontal viewport split.

- Bundled application icon, MIME type definition and XDG desktop entry.

- Added .l9 extension so you no longer need to rename files between
  GtkLevel9 and Gargoyle. Just like with Gargoyle, using .l9 with
  multipart games requires the second and third data files to have
  .l2 and .l3 extensions, for example GAMEDAT1.L9, GAMEDAT1.L2 and
  GAMEDAT1.L3 will work together. Note that all parts must share the
  same base filename, in contrast to the standard naming convention
  of GAMEDAT1.DAT, GAMEDAT2.DAT and GAMEDAT3.DAT. Both naming methods
  will work, but you can't mix and match.

2005-08-XX - 1.3 (The "Keeping up with the Baldwins" release.)

Bugfixes

- Don't assume that "/" is the directory separator when building the
  config filename.

Other changes

- Updated the README file; GlkLevel9 supports graphics now.

- Usability fixes for the file selector. It always has a default
  widget now, and it remembers the most recently used directory.

2005-07-31 - 1.2 (The "Raising shields" release.)

Bugfixes

- When using #save and #restore, the file selector dialog didn't work.
  That was apparently because the game kept running in the background,
  so os_input() was called again. I guess calling gtk_main() while in
  a file dialog is a really bad idea...

- Don't crash if quitting while waiting for keypress to skip picture.

Other changes

- Flush the output before waiting for keypress to skip picture. This
  could make the input prompt non-editable, however, so now the input
  buffer is always scrolled and made editable on os_input.

- Try to make the data filename absolute before loading the file. This
  should ensure that the same filename is stored in savegames,
  regardless of if the user specified it with a file chooser or on the
  command line.

2005-07-29 - 1.1 (The "More beta than schmeta" release.)

Bugfixes

- Minor fixes to the file chooser dialog.

Other changes

- We used to execute only one game instruction every time the program
  was idle, but it's probably more efficient (and not noticeable to the
  user) to run several. Now we run up to 20.

2005-07-28 - 1.0 (The "Beta Schmeta" release.)

Well, it seems to be working now, but I don't know much about the
Level 9 games...
